So once again,
we get the use after move error, but
this time we know an easier way
to fix this, which is to say I'm
going to ask these to accept
references to x rather than regular x.
And I'm gonna go ahead and do that for
average too cuz it's much quicker than
the return value juggling
we were doing before.
And now it's gonna give me a different
error, which is mismatch types say
expected a reference, but I actually
found a sort of a non reference VEC.
Consider borrowing here, well, thank you
very much, I will consider borrowing here,
that's exactly what I wanna do.
So there we go, and
now everything works, excellent.
So let's run this and
we get exactly the same answer as before,
with a much cleaner solution
than what we had before with
the return value juggling and
also without having to do cloning.
Okay, so
that was the first way of doing this,
but we can also have this except a slice,
so here's what that'll look like.
So it'll be bracket I64.
Now you can iterate over slices
exactly the same way as VEC.
So this part fortunately will
not be any different in terms
of what it's doing, no problem there.
And you won't be surprised to see that
now, I can actually just run this exactly
normally I didn't actually
have to call like .asslice.
And the reason for
this is that rust has as a convenience,
whenever you have a function that accepts
a reference, sorry a slice, you can
actually just give it a borrowed VEC and
it will go ahead and translate those.
The way that it does that is actually
using traits which again we're not gonna
cover in this workshop,
we only have one more section
it's gonna be about lifetimes.
But if you're curious this is not actually
something that's sort of like hard coded
baked into the compiler this is actually
a little trick you can do yourself.
With your own types to basically make it
so that when you borrow a particular type,
you can make it sort of
translated into multiple or
compatible with multiple different
reference types like this.
Okay, questions about this exercise?
>> I am curious if you do hard code
the slice and give it parameters for
what you wanna cut,
if the VEC changes the length and
you have too many numbers now like you've
included too many what will happen?
>> Great question.
I don't think I've ever
actually tried that.
What would I expect to happen?
I certainly would expect a panic,
but I'm not sure when.
[LAUGH] So I'm reasonably confident
the answer will be you'll get a panic
somewhere, but I'm not sure.
I guess it would be probably when
you try to Iterate over the slice.
Actually, I take that back.
So because of the rules that we talked
about previously, if I already have
an immutable borrow active on this thing,
I actually wouldn't be able to change
the contents of the VEC because that would
require having a mutable reference to it.
And if I have a mutable reference,
I couldn't also at the same time have
an immutable reference via the slice.
So it wouldn't be possible to have a slice
to a VEC and then change its length,
or change the length of the vector after
a while that slice still exists or
is still active.
However I could like just runway
off the end here like this,
and that will definitely
either not compile or
panic depending on whether it's
a slice of an array or a VEC.
But yeah, it shouldn't actually be
possible to compile a recipe against
successfully that has that problem.